Oh my god, Nancy fainted after mile eight and Ricky was still running, but he was gonna die.
I even took Nancy to the hospital just to freak her out even more and she's still agreeing to hear the talk.
Oh god, this feels good.
Oh god, was I too cruel?
Oh no, are you kidding me? If it was me, I'd probably be worse.
Oh, honestly, if it wasn't for you, this one happened.
Oh, by the way, the day after tomorrow my school tennis team is having a match with your schools?
I was just wondering if you're participating.
Ricky always wins and I just need someone to beat his ass.
Oh, do you do you want me to participate?
Oh, of course I did.
Okay, all right, then I'll participate.
Isn't she Shannon?
Yeah, that's her.
She looks decent, but she has a 40-year-old sugar daddy and is trying to do million Ricky tracks.
So vicious, a tumor like her should be kick out of school.
Shannon, you're here.
Did you come to cheer for Ricky?
I have zero interest in cheering for him.